Assignment

You are tasked with creating a program for a fictional online store called "Wonders of Nature". 
The store has many different types of products, and they want to keep track of them in a digital database. 

Your program should have the following classes and interfaces:
IProduct interface

    An IProduct has a name, a price, and a description.
    Implement read-only properties to get the name, price, and description.

Product class

    Implement the IProduct interface in the Product class.
    Implement a constructor that takes the name, price, and description as parameters.
    Override the ToString() method to return a string representation of the product.

IDiscount interface

    An IDiscount is a type of product that has a discount percentage.
    Implement a read-only property to get the discount percentage.

DiscountedProduct class

    Implement the IProduct and IDiscount interfaces in the DiscountedProduct class.
    Implement a constructor that takes the name, price, description, and discount percentage as parameters.

IPromotion interface

    An IPromotion is a set of discounted products.
    Implement a read-only property to get the collection of discounted products.

Promotion class

    Implement the IPromotion interface in the Promotion class.
    Implement a constructor that takes no parameters.
    Implement methods to add and remove discounted products from the collection.
    Override the ToString() method to return a string representation of the promotion.

Program class

    In the Main method, create a new promotion.
    Add a few discounted products of different types to the promotion.
    Print out the information of each discounted product in the promotion.
    Print out the total discount percentage of the promotion.

Goofy Setting

The Wonders of Nature store is not your typical online store. They specialize in selling bizarre and exotic products, such as:

    A plant that glows in the dark
    A crystal that changes color depending on the weather
    A potion that makes you invisible for 30 seconds
    A piece of meteorite that grants you telekinetic powers

Your program should be able to handle these unusual products with ease.